when connected
	record some sample data file with zephyr
	get a copy of the zephyr docs

release in marketplace
	read the docs and tune appropriately
	reorganize pages and menus
		hide low level or dangerous functionality
	realtime upload is off by default
	create builder script with preconfigured API key and URL 
	
tokyo marathon
	create dev map account for Joseph
	create builder script for Joseph with preconfigured API key and URL 
	get mobile internet to test realtime mode, or ask Joseph to do it
	add support for zephyr
	release in marketplace

critical
	bug: shows connected to sensor even though it's not.... hard to reproduce!!!

next
	adjust upload url for offline data uploads
	clean up files on android
		check on sessions that crash the app
		remove workaround code
	!! support for multiple devices at the same time
	! implement commenting
	fix hardcoded values in debugtools
	bug: sending mock GPS sometimes does not work
	bug: sending mock GPS sometimes works even if AVD has no GPS support
	? bug: android uploader gets killed
	? bug: java.net.UnknownHostException

optimization
	review comments in entire code, especially service code
	improve button style by using different style parent? theme?
	file uploader "nice" implementation
		+ show file info card with buttons
		+ Upload btn begins upload in async mode
		- Cancel btn can interrupt the upload
		- progress bar is updated regularly
		- Close button cancels upload
		+ show success/failure on completion
		+ show/hide buttons on success/failure appropriately

minor improvements
	fileuploader: nicer progress indicator: full screen, modal + cancel
	fileuploader: progress indicator while uploading single file

nice to have
	know the number of data records pending for upload
	user profiles: anon, dev, janos, ...
	FileSaverService with proper synchronization

bugs
	-

possibly bluetooth backport bugs
	cannot detect connection failure to paired device, when the paired device is off (and also when out of range?)
	when calling mmInStream.close(), keyDispatchingTimedOut happens, dumping CPU usage and other debug infos and eventually kill the application itself
